---
title: New RPGKeeper, Same Goals
date: 02/01/2015
tags: [ news, release ]
author: morgul
---

Today marks the start of a new code base for RPGKeeper. This has been a while in coming, and to be honest, I'm ecstatic.
The previous versions have all had their share of flaws and as I've grown as a developer, my understanding of the right
tools for the right job has grown exponentially. As such, I made the executive decision to start the code-base over from
scratch, new repo, new ideas.

--- $READMORE

## New Features

One of the things I'm the most excited about is the new modular design. Now, anyone can write systems for RPGKeeper, and
it's trivial to install and extend the core application. I've worked hard to make building these systems easy for
others. Since RPGKeeper can be installed and run by anyone, not just on the main website, I wanted to make sure that
anyone can create systems that they want to use for their gaming groups. If the systems are good enough, then they'll
get included on the main site.

In addition to this, I've made a very simple REST API for sharing the basic information about characters. This could be
used by forums or battle map sites for character avatars. I'm excited to see where this goes.

The final new feature that I'm really excited about is the Generic System. It's designed to be usable with any RPG. I've
noticed in my gaming group, a lot of people like the flexibility of just using notepad. However, figuring out your rolls
is really difficult. So, I've created a generic system that lets you define your rolls, and enter any text you want,
however you want. As it gets closer to being ready, I'll go more in depth about it.

## Stay tuned

The ball is rolling, and I've got some really good momentum. This is going to be epic!
