---
title: "New Accounts, DB, Generic System"
date: 05/04/2016
tags: [ news, release ]
author: morgul
---

First, I should apologize for such a long release cycle. A year is a log longer than I would have liked, but there have
been massive changes under the hood to RPGKeeper. We've changed to [VueJS], switched our database to [TrivialDB], and
moved our login system to local accounts, as opposed to Persona. These are a lot of changes, but they've put us on a
good path for the future.

There will be more updates at a much more regular interval from here on out.

[VueJS]: http://vuejs.org/
[TrivialDB]: https://github.com/Morgul/trivialdb

--- $READMORE

## New Features

There have been a lot of minor changes to the site, but these are the headline features:

### Local Accounts

**RPGKeeper now requires you to register a local account.** This is because of the [Persona shutdown] in November. Your
account has been transitioned, however, it has no password. You will need to follow the "Forgot Password" procedure to 
gain access to your account.

### Improved Database

We've transitioned to [TrivialDB], which is a lightweight JSON database, written by me. Not only has this removed a huge
dependency that slowed down development significantly, but it's also improved page load times. Everything should be
faster, snappier, and more reliable.

### Improved Generic System

The Generic system has been greatly improved, and is now capable of supporting a D&D 3.5 or 4e character quite easily.
There's still a lot of work to do, but it's gotten significantly more powerful. After a bit more iteration on it, I feel
it should be ready for general use by the public. If you want to help out now, feel free to start using it, and giving
us [feedback]!

### Improvements to the News Page

We've changed how we do this very page, making it much easier to write and update. The code's much faster, too. Nothing
huge, but every little bit helps.

## Comming Soon

The next big update will be the addition of the Dungeons and Dragon's 4th edition system, as well as the Edge of the
Empire system. These are very high on my todo list and I'm really motivated to get them done.

While that's going on, I will probably add in a permissions system, and start working on features to make RPGKeeper more
focused on community contributions to systems (like powers and feats for `dnd4e`, or force powers for `eote`). The whole
idea is to allow the community to put in everything players need to reference, like an interactive wiki.

[Persona shutdown]: https://wiki.mozilla.org/Identity/Persona_Shutdown_Guidelines_for_Reliers
[feedback]: https://github.com/Morgul/rpgkeeper/issues "RPGKeeper Issues"